Hello, freak bitches.
I do think we could be living in a simulation as Elon Musk famously, uh,
suggested we could be all living in a computer simulation.
I don't think it's likely,
but it's completely plausible given what we know right now.
Right? The real issue is that one day we most likely will have something.
As long as technology continues to exponentially advance will one day have
something that's indiscernible from the reality,
they'll be able to interface more than likely. Yeah.
They'll be able to interface with your senses with the way the mine perceives
reality and create something yep.
That passes that uncanny valley and literally feels like, like real life,
like the matrix, or I think.
That we might be very far or we might be pretty close.
I think it's hard to tell. Cause there's so much we don't know right now.
It's not like this is coming in the next 10 years,
but it could be a thousand years, but yeah, absolutely. And that it could,
you know, the, the thought experiment that, that helps people accept this is,
you know, a single neuron in your brain. You have something like, I don't know,
a hundred billion neurons in your brain,
but every single one is not that complicated. It takes of inputs.
It puts in some outputs, it might be work to figure out exactly what it does,
but it's not mysterious. Right.
So we can imagine replacing one neuron in your brain with
a solid state micro, uh,
device that does exactly the same thing as that neuron.
And you would be the same person roughly. So speaking. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so, okay. So if you believe that, then do that with two,
two neurons and do it with three neurons and you're gradually building up who
you are, but just replacing your brain with something that is, uh, machine made.
And if you believe that can happen,
there's no reason to think that machines can't be as human as we want them to
be. Do you.
Follow any array curves while stuff?
A little bit. I don't think that, uh, he's an especially deep thinker,
but he's a good.
<Laugh> how dare you. He's right now pounding on his desk. It could be this.
You don't think he's an especially deep thinker. I mean, he is a brilliant guy.
He's invented a bunch of really fascinating things. Yeah.
He likes to extrapolate without, uh, limit, uh, pretty.
Fearlessly <laugh> well,
he must have irritated you for you to jump right out with,
I don't think he's a particularly deep thinker.
No, but I do think he serves a role. I think it, you know, there,
there are people who, uh, make us think more deeply, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like I remember seeing a panel discussion with, uh,
Murray Galman,
who was a famous physicist and Isaac OV this was like 30 years ago and, uh,
ASMO was still alive. And there was some someone else who was on the panel.
I forget it was another physicist.
And the amazing thing was the science fiction author was by far the most
conservative thinker up there in terms of what he thought would really be
happening a thousand years from now, right.
The physicist had these way out ideas and asthma was like, yeah,
I don't think it's gonna be all that different. Right.
And it's just hard to predict the future accurately. And there's a,
a role served both by trying to be as realistic as possible and,
and careful and BA and saying, what are the probabilities and so forth?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and there's another role served by just being the, uh,
provocative and saying, well, maybe this crazy thing is gonna happen.
Maybe we'll cure death in the next a hundred years. And uh,
life will change for everybody dramatically. That seems.
Fairly likely, right.
They're they'll be gonna figure out some way reverse aging.
Yeah. I think that's plausible. There's no biological reason. Why not KW.
Got some weird motivations too.
He literally wants to sort of rebuild his father.
Yeah. Yeah.
He wants to be able to piece together some sort of an artificial intelligence
version of his father and, and go back and see him. Yep. That's deep.
<Laugh> that's a word for it. Yeah. Yeah. <laugh>.
So that's, <laugh> um, he fit, he thinks it there's gonna come a time,
uh, inside his lifetime,
hopefully that you'll be able to download consciousness.
That consciousness is going to be something you you'll transfer sort of like,
uh, you know, code.
Yeah. I think that there's, there's a difference between, you know,
what is potentially possible given arbitrary amounts of time and resource
and what is realistic in the relatively near term by the near term,
we mean 50 or a hundred years. Right. Right.
And I think that people like Ray Cowell are far, uh, exaggerating,
what's gonna be possible the next 50 or a hundred years because they
underestimate how little we know about how the brain works,
how important it is for the brain to be in our bodies. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> <affirmative> we, you know, one of the,
one of the breakthroughs in artificial intelligence over the last couple decades
was to realize that if you try to build an artificial intelligent computer,
it's, it becomes much more realistic. If you give it a body,
if you give it a face and it can interact with people. I mean,
we underestimate the extent to which having a body is an important part of how
we think and who we are. And these, the,
this is just like such baby steps in understanding this stuff, that,
to imagine that in the matter of decades we'll have it all figured out and have
downloadable consciousness is, is, is not realistic to me.
Do you think that we have to absolutely understand the exact way that the human
brain works in order to replicate its possibilities? No.
I mean, I think that, uh,
we probably won't that probably won't be the way that we make artificial
consciousness or artificial intelligence.
Like we won't just be reconstructing human beings.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like when we made cars, we didn't reconstruct horses.
Right. We just did it in a very, very different way.
And cars are much better than horses in, in various ways.
Not as good in other ways, uh, like going on Hills, going up Hills, but also,
you know, in the early days of cars, one big complaint was,
but if I'm drunk and passed out, it won't take me home. I'll buy this out.
<laugh> is that a complaint? Yeah, that was a complaint.
And its true. That's hilarious.
Cuz the horse just take you home and knows how to get there. Exactly. Finally.
Will get the artificial and nobody gets mad.
Self-driving cars will be able to do it. Finally.
If you're driving a horse drunk.
Nobody gets a. Nope. You're passed out. That's right.
It had to be like a big adjustment for people. Yeah, exactly. No more.
Driving drunk.
And so the idea that the way that we'll make artificial intelligence is to sort
of mimic a human being is just crazy. Now that that's not how it's gonna be.
What do you think it's gonna be like?
Well, I don't know. There are, there are the problems that can be solved. Um,
by things that we design are just a different set of problems than the thing
that evolution naturally made us do, right? Like evolution built a very,
very general purpose machine that is inefficient and irrational in all
sorts of ways. Like anyone's pocket cow calculator,
since the 1970s can multiply numbers way better than your brain can. Right?
Your brain has enormously more computational capacity than a pocket calculator.
Why can't we multiply numbers?
That ability was not important back when we were evolving these things. Right?
So the set of things that it is easy to.
Design is just very, very different than what the brain does. So who knows,
I don't know exactly what it'll be, what it will look like.
I actually think that the more important thing will be blurring the distinction
between human beings and machines, you know, the,
the crossovers there's another one of Elon Musk's project is called the neural
link. The idea of, you know, basically a neural lace,
something that is just interfacing with your brain very, very,
very fast so that you have of access to the entire internet or whatever
peripherals you want in real time.
So like Wikipedia is part of your memory essentially,
and that's just who you are and how you walk around.
Then you can multiply numbers as fast as you want to.
That seems like very likely yeah. That augmented, augmented reality,
I think that's coming. Yeah. Yeah. And,
and some sort of a weird symbiotic connection to the net into
electronics, whether it's a wearable thing or maybe even an embedded.
Thing. Yeah, absolutely. I think it will be embedded eventually. Yeah.
It's more efficient. Will you.
You be one of the first adopters, are you gonna wait a little.
While? Uh, I'm never a first generation adopter even of iPhones, much less,
you know, things embedded in my body. But look, I, we,
I just adopted two kittens. They get microchip implants, right? Oh yeah.
When you adopt a cat that gets a microchip inside so you can't lose it. Yeah.
And so to think that we're very far away from doing that,
I don't think is right. I think that we're gonna be doing things.
I was just looking at a, a, a laptop bag.
It's a laptop bag that also is, uh,
you have a passport bag and a laptop bag and then a carry on and then
a check and stove, you know, on a, for airplane, airplane luggage.
And all of it is Bluetooth.
And all of it is location coordinated with GPS so that if somehow or another,
your bag gets lost,
you literally can go on a computer and it'll show you where your bag is. Yeah.
It's like, whoa. Yeah. How long are we gonna,
when are we gonna do that with people?
And I feel, you know, I, I, I'm a big believer in privacy rights and so forth.
Her dilemma, do I let my employer microchipping? What is this? There you go.
There's a company in Wisconsin that had microchip day on August 1st.
And they implanted microchips in people.
I worked that dude with his ears in that those earplugs and the lower
ear lobe, the you ain't doing nothing, buddy. You ain't sticking that in me.
Look what you've done to your ears.
Fellow Wisconsin company becomes first us employee. What? And these.
Are very simple, just location tracking things. Right. But why would you.
Allow the company to do that? I wouldn't allow my company to tattoo me.
Why would I allow my company to microchip me? It's for tracking.
And you can also like, they can buy stuff in the cafeteria and whatnot.
You know what else you could do? Use your wallet.
You say that, but you know, like gross.
Do you turn off all cookies when you have your laptop on and.
Your browser? Yes I do. No do no, I don't. You don't because it's little.
Convenient. And these guys say like they get,
they can buy their snacks with their mic.
Gocha they just walk up through a machine.
And get a snack. But here's where therefore separation every loss, this laptop,
I can go like that and then I can walk out the door and that laptop stays here
and all the cookies and all my browser history stays here.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it. Doesn't, it's not, that's what they want you to think.
Jesus. Now you're freaking me out.